Add Porting Advisor and GlusterFS File (#261)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/glusterfs.md

---
name: GlusterFS
category: Storage
description: GlusterFS is an open-source, scalable distributed file system designed to handle large amounts of data across multiple servers.
download_url: https://github.com/gluster/glusterfs/tags
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: v9.0
    release_date: 2021/01/19

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://www.gluster.org/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options: 
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: 
        partner_content: 
        official_docs: https://docs.gluster.org/en/latest/Install-Guide/Install/
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number: 
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: 
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: There are no release notes or binaries present for Linux/ARM64. GlusterFS version 9.0 is installed and tested on the Neoverse N1, using steps mentioned in the [file](https://github.com/gluster/glusterfs/blob/devel/INSTALL).

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: There are no release notes or binaries present for Linux/ARM64. GlusterFS version 9.0 is installed and tested on the Neoverse N1, using steps mentioned [here](https://github.com/gluster/glusterfs/blob/devel/INSTALL).
```
